Revival of #9710 (Compact kernel representation of pattern-matching) (#13563)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/01-kernel/13563-compact-case-repr.rst

- **Changed:**

>   The term representation of pattern-matchings now uses a compact form that
>   provides a few static guarantees such as eta-expansion of branches and return
>   clauses and is overall more efficient. The most visible user change is that for
>   the time being, the :tacn:`destruct` tactic and its variants generate dummy
>   β-cuts in the branches of the generated proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The term representation of pattern-matchings now uses a compact form that
  is more efficient.
  This provides additional guarantees such as eta-expansion of branches and return
  clauses. The most visible user change is that
  the :tacn:`destruct` tactic and its variants generate dummy
  β-cuts in the branches of the generated proof.
```

Not sure if "additional" is correct.

Author: It's not always more efficient, because converting from and to the expanded representation has a cost. On typical runs it will be more efficient, but YMMV, hence the "overall".

Reviewer: OK. "usually more efficient" may be clearer.

>   β-cuts in the branches of the generated proof.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  cuts (β redexes) in the branches of the generated proof.
```

  This can also generate very uncommon backwards incompatibilities, such as a
  change of occurrence numbering for subterms, or breakage of unification in
  complex situations involving pattern-matchings whose underlying inductive type
  declares let-bindings in parameters, arity or constructor types. For ML plugin

>   developpers, an in-depth description of the new representation, as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  developers, an in-depth description of the new representation, as well as
```
